"When I saw his mother yesterday, she said he had left the hospital a week before."
"If you want to talk to Tom about this, let me know and I'll give you his number."
"I know I should sleep for at least eight hours a day, however I usually sleep less."
Complaining about something is one way to adapt yourself to a new environment.
"Even though Tom explained it in detail, I'm still not sure I really understand it."
Tom would often make mistakes purposely just so the teacher would notice him.
They say that girls spend more time worrying about how they look than boys do.
"I know what time you said to be there, but I wasn't able to be there at that time."
"Tickets are $30, parking is free and children under ten receive free admission."
I'm skeptical when I hear someone claim to speak more than five languages fluently.
It seems that Tom had planned to give Mary the loan she had been looking for.
I don't need to buy a suit for the wedding because Tom has one he can lend me.
"When Tom went to the mailbox he found five letters, four of which were bills."
You say you want to go to Boston? Why in the world would you want to go there?
"Every time Tom and Mary were about to kiss, someone came suddenly into the room."
There were some men eating their lunches under the trees in front of the library.
It'll take longer to tell you how to do it than to just go ahead and do it myself.
I just took it for granted that you would always be there for me no matter what.
"I didn't think Tom would make it through the night, so I stayed by his bedside."
Tom's been very busy at work and can't get any time off until the week after next.
"Tom can't stand the hot and muggy summers here, so he heads for the mountains."
"As long as it's not too much of a bother, people like to be nice to other people."
Do you really want me to tell Tom that you were the one who killed his father?
I want to apologize to you for calling you a jerk in front of your girlfriend.
Every now and then he drops in at this bookstore on his way home from the office.
No sooner had she caught sight of me than she started running in my direction.
I imagine that Tom will eventually figure out that Mary doesn't really like him.
The fire which caused the disaster broke out on the second floor of the hospital.
Tom thinks Mary should apologize to John for not doing what she said she'd do.
"I have many friends who speak fluently, but still don't sound like native speakers."
A connection between personality and blood type has not been scientifically proven.
My five year old daughter always goes to kindergarten happy and full of energy.
"Tom tried to tell me something, but Mary interrupted before he could say anything."
Tom admitted that it was due to his carelessness that the accident had happened.
"You're really handy, aren't you? Don't you think you'd make a good house-husband?"
I just don't understand what goes through the minds of people who troll forums.
Diplomatic relations have not yet been established between Japan and North Korea.
The best way to get better at French is to speak French with native speakers.
"Tom doesn't know when it'll happen, but he's pretty sure that it will happen."
"Tom clipped a car while trying to park in a tight spot, causing minor damage."
Would you be willing to volunteer at the animal shelter two or three days a week?
This is what is called a 'present' in some countries and 'bribery' in others.
"The road across the mountain was narrow, and what's more, it was a steep slope."
Tom doesn't like beating around the bush but prefers to get straight to the point.
"In spite of his tight schedule, Tom always has time to spend with his children."
Tom returned from the kitchen with two mugs of coffee and sat down next to Mary.
Tom said that he thought that Mary needed at least $300 to buy what she needed.
We got this chair for nothing because the lady next door didn't need it anymore.
"Tom won't be able to do it by himself, so we need to ask someone to help him."
"We went to the theater early, so we could be sure that everyone could get a seat."
"Tom came to the conclusion that no matter what he did, Mary wouldn't like it."
My grandfather on my mother's side is celebrating his 60th birthday tomorrow.
She was asked to convince him to get his son or someone else to paint the house.
"I may not know a lot, but I do know that Tom doesn't know what he's talking about."
"Mary was a difficult child, but she has matured into a beautiful young woman."
Tom is irritating because he always has to have the last word in any argument.
Tom always speaks in such a low voice that I can barely understand what he says.
"She sold all of her furniture, so she could afford to feed herself and her dog."
Tom and Mary invited all their friends for a Christmas dinner at their house.
Tom received a commendation for bravery for rescuing a woman from a burning house.
Tom spent the better part of the day writing an article for a local magazine.
"It doesn't matter whether I'm sleeping or awake, I'm always thinking about you."
"I know you probably don't want to go out with me, but I'd love to go out with you."
"Tom wanted to make a mix CD of music for Mary, but all he had were DVD blanks."
"I'm the type who gets nervous in front of people, so I'm bad at speech making."
I can't imagine that such transactions would predominate in a truly free market.
I've had a slight sore throat since this morning. I wonder if I've caught a cold.
"Some incidents from my childhood are crystal clear, others are just a dim memory."
The bathroom in Tom's new house is twice as large as the one in his old house.
Tom didn't need to paint the fence. They tore it down a week after he painted it.
"If you have a fever, it would be a good idea to go to the hospital right away."
"If you want to sell your old sofa, why not put an advertisement in the local paper?"
I've been told that sitting for hours working on my computer is bad for my back.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't told Mary to try to convince John to do that.
The bad thing about inferiority complexes is that the wrong people have them.
An army of sheep led by a lion is better than an army of lions led by a sheep.
I know you well enough to know that you didn't really want to go out with Tom.
The possibility that the explosion was caused by carelessness cannot be ruled out.
Tom claims that he can taste the difference between these two brands of salt.
What scared Tom the most was the thought that he might not be able to walk again.
"Of all the things Tom did last weekend, he says that windsurfing was the most fun."
Nothing I do lately seems to turn out right. I'm losing confidence in myself.
Tom didn't think it would be appropriate for John to give Mary a pearl necklace.
Contact your local police if you have any information on Tom Jackson's whereabouts.
"When Tom told me what Mary looked like, he didn't tell me she was so overweight."
I'll get in touch with Tom by telephone tomorrow and ask him to give us a hand.
Tom was horrified when he noticed that his daughter had had her tongue pierced.
"If you are interested in studying English with a native speaker, please contact me."
The police officer checked to see if the body lying on the ground had a pulse.
"I don't know what this tree is called, but there are a lot of them around here."
Tom wanted me to tell you to buy a couple of loaves of bread on your way home.
Tom became a little concerned when Mary didn't arrive when she said she would.
Tom couldn't think of Mary without remembering how painful their breakup had been.
Tom looked back on his life and wondered if he'd actually accomplished anything.
Didn't you know there was a convenience store in the basement of this building?
"We don't have a lot of money, but we have enough to buy what we absolutely need."
"Tom thought he'd broken a bone in his foot, but an X-ray showed that he hadn't."
There seems to be evidence suggesting Tom was the one who stole Mary's bracelet.
Tom and Mary were yelling at each other when I passed by their house last night.
"We had hoped some students would come, but there was no one in the classroom."
I doubt that Tom had to sell his car in order to raise money for medical expenses.
"Tom decided to try trimming his beard with a knife, but he wasn't very successful."
"Tom described Mary quite well, so it was easy to recognize her when I saw her."
"When my wife's friend comes to visit, I find it hard to get a word in edgeways."
Tom told the men sitting around the table that he'd never played poker before.
We have a right to demand a safe future for ourselves and future generations.
Mary tied an apron around her waist and then took the turkey out of the oven.
"Because the voices of protest grew louder and louder, his speech couldn't be heard."
Is it necessary to live in a French-speaking country to become fluent in French?
"Tom did the best he could, but he wasn't able to get a higher grade than Mary."
It was too late to help Tom. All the doctor could do was to pronounce him dead.
I have trouble seeing the blackboard from the seat the teacher assigned to me.
Improved medical technology has been one of the spin-offs of the space program.
"I think each of us should give Tom something for his birthday, something home-made!"
"Like most eighteen-year-olds, Tom isn't sure what he wants to do with his life."
"I didn't want to risk missing the train, so I arrived at the station an hour early."
Tom converted about half of his yen into dollars and the other half into euros.
"When I asked Dad for more money, he really blew up and started to yell at me."
You don't have to paint the kitchen yellow. You can paint it any color you want.
Tom decided to go ahead and ask Mary the question he had been wanting to ask.
What proof do you have that Tom was the one who stole your mother's necklace?
The only thing that mattered to Tom was that we weren't impolite to his boss.
I've had a scratchy throat since this morning. I wonder if I've caught a cold.
I still have a lot of questions I want to ask you about your relationship with Tom.
Tom did everything he could to stop Mary from doing what she was planning to do.
I've heard that it is best to always feed your dog at a specific time every day.
They consider it impolite to disagree with someone they don't know very well.
Tom said that he thought that there was a good chance that Mary would be late.
"No matter how many times I've been shown, I just can't learn how to tie a tie."
"As Tom sat down, he bumped the table and his coffee spilled onto the tablecloth."
You're speaking a little too fast for me. Would you speak a little more slowly?
The court ruled that Tom's children could spend every second weekend with him.
"I'd love to be able to spend more time with you, but I have to get back to work."
All the coaches of the train were packed to capacity ten minutes before it started.
"Tom thought that Mary wanted him to kiss her, but he wasn't sure, so he didn't."
Washing your hands regularly is a good way to protect yourself from diseases.
"When I asked Dad for more money, he really blew up and started to yell at me."
"I can't see what the two of them are doing, but they are making a lot of noise."
"I wanted to discuss this with you yesterday, but you didn't seem to want to listen."
This article is critical of the way investigations are being made into the matter.
I wish I could take back all those terrible things I said about you last night.
Tom pretended that it didn't matter to him that Mary was going out with John.
The hour-long concert at the Kennedy Center was broadcast live on TV last night.
"It's OK with me if we barbecue, but I don't like it when smoke gets in my eyes."
Laser printers are generally less expensive to maintain than ink jet printers.
Mary's not happy that her boyfriend has to kiss another girl for the school play.
Tom wedged the claw of the crowbar under the nailhead and pulled out the nail.
The Nationalist movements in both countries have been exacerbating the problem.
"When I was a kid, there'd be nightly arguments about whose turn it was to wash up."
It appears that the victim tried to write the murderer's name with his own blood.
"In my opinion, a well-designed website shouldn't require horizontal scrolling."
I've already told Tom that I plan on staying in Boston for another three weeks.
"If students today had more free time, they might show more interest in politics."
In order to qualify for the homestay you must have an interview with the sponsors.
Do you spend most of your time worrying about things that don't matter so much?
Tom was reasonably certain that Mary had stolen his grandfather's gold watch.
"When I say the word ""squirrel"", what's the first thing that comes to your mind?"
"I intended to go straight back home, but I sort of wandered inside a bookstore."
Tom isn't the only one who thinks it would be a good idea to get there early.
"Marcy burst into tears on hearing the news, but soon pulled herself together."
"We are good friends now, but there was a time when we didn't like each other."
He was so intent on money-making that he had no time to think of anything else.
"If you are not satisfied with your share, I'll make it a bit more attractive."
"There are a lot of gullible people, so there is a chance that Tom will be elected."
I wish I could figure out how to get my car painted without paying a lot of money.
I called my boss in Boston and he said I could stay in Chicago for another week.
You're the only person I know besides myself who doesn't like watching baseball.
The new school failed to take into account the special needs of young people.
The teacher claimed that he'd have us all speaking fluent French in three months.
"Tom lied about his age, so Mary thought he was much older than he really was."
Tom likes being single because he can do whatever he wants whenever he wants.
Three students made short speeches and introduced themselves and their countries.
"We all pigged out at the company Christmas party, especially on the roast beef."
I hate it when I work late and end up missing an episode of a show I'm following.
Mary dreamed that one day she would meet a prince and they would get married.
"Tom's mother used to wash his clothes for him, but now he washes them himself."
"Each year, twenty-seven million acres of the tropical rainforests are destroyed."
Would you be willing to volunteer at the animal shelter two or three days a week?
Japan's foreign aid is decreasing in part because of an economic slowdown at home.
Tom didn't buy anything at that store because he thought the prices were too high.
"It doesn't matter how smart you are. If you don't work hard, you'll never succeed."
The leader of our party met with the other leaders and talked about the problem.
"When Tom went to the mailbox he found five letters, four of which were bills."
We can get a glimpse of the lifestyle of ancient people from this wall painting.
The most important thing in the Olympic Games is not winning but taking part.
"The little girl, deeply moved by the old man's pitiful story, burst into tears."
The astronauts were greeted with cheers and applause of an enthusiastic crowd.
You could try the store across the street. They may have what you're looking for.
"Even though her vet told her not to, she continued to feed her dog raw vegetables."
I imagine that Tom will eventually convince Mary to let him buy a new motorcycle.
Tom lost his job because the firm decided that a robot could do his job better.
It is said that global warming is directly related to carbon dioxide emissions.
I'm beginning to understand why you don't bother to try to explain things to Tom.
It will be a great pleasure for me to translate the story and to read it to you.
"I don't know if it will be fine tomorrow, but if it is fine we'll go on a picnic."
Tom certainly should be careful not to make Mary angry when she's holding a knife.
Our children are anxious to have bicycles like those of the children next door.
All you had to do was ask and I would have lent you as much money as you needed.
Tom wanted me to tell you to buy a couple of loaves of bread on your way home.
I'm sure Tom will come back as soon as he realizes he left his briefcase here.
Tom is doing everything within his power to improve the patients' quality of life.
Birds can fly thousands of miles away and return to the same place every year.
"If he had given up smoking then, he might not be suffering from such a disease."
The President had the power to save the men from execution at the stroke of a pen.
Tom suggested that Mary should resign from her current job and find another one.
"If you leave your textbooks at school during the break, they'll get confiscated."
"Town criers used to tell people what they must do, according to the king's orders."
You're speaking a little too fast for me. Would you speak a little more slowly?
"If you want to know which direction the wind is blowing, just look at the windsock."
"Tom felt around the floor on his hands and knees, trying to find Mary's earring."
"The more time I spend doing this, the less time I have to do things I enjoy doing."
Did it ever occur to you that I might want to stay in Boston for a few more days?
I don't think that you need to tell Tom what Mary said that she's going to do.
The police received an anonymous tip-off that the bank robbery was an inside job.
"Ladies and gentlemen, please put your hands together for tonight's special guest!"
The only thing that mattered to Tom was that we weren't impolite to his boss.
"When I visited their apartment, the couple was right in the middle of an argument."
All the teachers and students we talked to said that Tom is easy to get along with.
The document clearly spells out the correct procedure for dealing with complaints.
Tom and Mary will be celebrating their thirtieth wedding anniversary on Monday.
"In countries such as Norway and Finland, they have lots of snow in the winter."
"Tom followed Mary into the kitchen, picked up a knife and threatened her with it."
Some say that every hour in bed before midnight is worth two hours after midnight.
"I wish I could come with you, but I have a test tomorrow and I need to study."
"Even though Tom thought the idea didn't make much sense, he said he'd give it a go."
Tom plans to go to Boston as soon as he can after his summer vacation begins.
"Tom was supposed to help me paint the barn yesterday, but he never showed up."
I'm sure you're aware that you'll be the only one there who can't speak French.
This isn't the first time that Tom has spent a couple of weeks in a hospital.
"If you are not satisfied with your share, I'll make it a bit more attractive."
Tom is an old man who always has beautiful young women around him who admire him.
Tom couldn't rule out the possibility that someone had lit his house on fire.
Keep your eyes on Tom. Make sure he doesn't do anything to bother other people.
I never for a moment imagined I'd be able to afford to live in such a fancy house.
"In my opinion, a well-designed website shouldn't require horizontal scrolling."
Why don't you guys go on into the living room and make yourselves comfortable?
"Of course, recognizing our common humanity is only the beginning of our task."
Tom bought a bucket of extra-spicy fried chicken and a container of coleslaw.
Tom couldn't completely rule out the possibility that he was going to get drafted.
"Squaw Valley, California, is one of the largest ski resorts in the United States."
I think what impressed me most was the way Tom could talk to just about anyone.
His doctoral thesis must be submitted to the professor by the end of the month.
Tom is quite absent-minded and sometimes forgets to pick the kids up from school.
"Boredom, routine, and lack of curiosity are the greatest enemies of our brain."
There is a new store down the street that is going to open the day after tomorrow.
Tom told Mary that it wasn't a good idea to have money just sitting in the bank.
"When you speak French, do you think people understand what you're trying to say?"
Tom is so old that even the oldest in the village first knew him as an old man.
"As Tom and Mary spent time together, they began to get to know each other better."
"In the automotive industry of the 1970's, Japan beat the U.S. at its own game."
You should spend less time complaining and more time doing something productive.
Tom can't afford to eat at that kind of restaurant so let's go somewhere else.
"I don't have a lot of work, but it's enough to keep me in the office this week."
The family took a vote on the type of restaurant they wanted to go to for dinner.
That is not a proper subject to bring up in conversation at the dinner table.
I don't want to be the one who tells Tom that Mary died in an automobile accident.
The only question now is how we're going to get enough money to pay our bills.
"Tom's health started to deteriorate after the death of his beloved wife, Mary."
I've just spoken to your French teacher and he says you're doing well in his class.
Tom called Mary to tell her that he might need her help later in the afternoon.
I won't be able to meet you tomorrow because something unexpected has come up.
"What's wrong, Tom? We've always been able to talk about this kind of thing before."
"Eventually, someone is going to have to tell Tom that he needs to behave himself."
"I've been trying to reach Tom for hours already, but his line is constantly busy."
"The first time Tom brought Mary home, his mother said, ""This one's a keeper."""
What scared Tom the most was the thought that he might not be able to walk again.
"If only I'd listened to what Tom said, I wouldn't be in this kind of trouble."
"I have been typing this report since this morning, but I'm only halfway through."
"If it had not been for your raincoat, I would have been drenched to the skin."
Mary's email was very terse and it was clear that she was upset about something.
I can't remember the name of the girl who sat next to me in French class last year.
Tom still works at the same bar that he worked at when he was a college student.
What I really want is for Tom to teach me how to play a few chords on my guitar.
The teacher confiscated the note and read it aloud in front of the entire class.
"I don't want to have to hurt you, but if you get in my way, I'll have no choice."
It will be a great pleasure for me to translate the story and to read it to you.
"If you have a fever, it would be a good idea to go to the hospital right away."
"Tom fell heavily and hit his head on a rock, causing life-threatening injuries."
I'm beginning to understand why you don't bother to try to explain things to Tom.
There's a time and a place for everything. Now is neither the time nor the place.
Tom wants me to call Mary and make it clear that he never wants to see her again.
The radio warned us of the coming earthquake and we started gathering our things.
"In the 1960's, Japanese college students demonstrated against their government."
Tom says he told the police officer that he was just there to take some pictures.
"At the time of the accident, almost all of the passengers on the bus were sleeping."
A lie can travel halfway around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes.
"Tom said he liked what she had made for dinner, but he was only being polite."
Tom found out that life on the road wasn't as easy as he thought it would be.
"The kitchen knife wasn't sharp enough to cut the meat, so I used my pocket knife."
It hasn't been easy for Tom to earn enough money to support his large family.
"The snow is beautiful, isn't it? ""Yeah, but Mary, you're even more beautiful."""
"A clean river flows through our town, and we can see many carp swimming in it."
I don't think that you need to tell Tom what Mary said that she's going to do.
Tom contacted me the other day asking me if I'd play guitar for a charity concert.
"While you are asleep, the bodily functions slow down and body temperature falls."
I hear their marriage is on the rocks and they'll probably file for divorce soon.
"The burglar gained entry through the front door, which had been left unlocked."
Tom promised Mary that he'd pay back all the money that he'd borrowed from her.
People often give fake personal information when setting up website accounts.
"Tom stared at the envelope in Mary's hand, wondering who the letter was from."
In order to qualify for the homestay you must have an interview with the sponsors.
Tom tried not to listen to Mary and John discussing their financial situation.
The dealer took advantage of her ignorance and bought the picture very cheap.
"I don't believe in astrology, but that doesn't mean that I don't read my horoscope."
She can't bring herself to throw away photo albums filled with memories of him.
I heard they found a skeleton buried in the basement of a house on Park Street.
"I wanted to have lunch with Tom tomorrow, but he told me he'd be out of town."
Keep your eyes on Tom. Make sure he doesn't do anything to bother other people.
Tom told me that he could see no reason why he shouldn't accept Mary's offer.
The relationship between the two countries has waxed and waned over the years.
How can you say that you have nothing to wear? Your closet is full of clothes.
I think Mary was the prettiest girl in our class when we were in the third grade.
What should we do with people who are very sick or hurt and can't get better?
Tom Jackson's new novel is very well written and I'm sure you'll enjoy reading it.
Those who use forks or chopsticks often think people who don't are uncivilized.
Many parents think it's important for their children to learn how to speak French.
I have to be honest. I was a little bit nervous the first time I had an MRI scan.
Rio de Janeiro is perfectly safe as long as you stay out of the dangerous areas.
"Even though her vet told her not to, she continued to feed her dog raw vegetables."
Millions of people across the world are mourning the death of Nelson Mandela.
What scared Tom the most was the thought that he might not be able to walk again.
"I wish I could be more optimistic, but I don't think things will get better soon."
Tom wondered what Mary would say when she found out he'd spent all their money.
"More than 30,000 people braved the rain and cold to attend the Canada Day parade."
It's so hot outside that I want to spend all day in my air conditioned house.
"Tom pulled out his keys, but then noticed that the door had already been unlocked."
My grandfather on my father's side is celebrating his 88th birthday tomorrow.
"Where are you going in such a hurry? We've got plenty of time, so drive safely."
The mayor of this city was blamed for turning a deaf ear to the people's requests.
"If my house were a mansion, I would invite everyone I know to my birthday party."
My friend has had three jobs in a year; he never sticks to anything for long.
"Even though I was busy, I talked to Tom for about three hours yesterday afternoon."
Nothing's worse than having all the time in the world and no one to spend it with.
"Tom went swimming in the river, but when he got out, his clothes had been stolen."
He sent about 2.2 billion spam emails over a period of around one and a half years.
"After reading Tom's forum post, Mary resisted the impulse to post a crude reply."
"Now that Tom and Mary have broken up, it's probably OK to ask her out on a date."
It is always difficult for a son to live up to the expectations of his parents.
Spending time with your significant other should be high on your priority list.
I realize the effort you have put into this project and I really appreciate it.
Tom was killed in a traffic accident within 10 hours of graduating from college.
Tom asked Mary to see about getting front row seats at the Lady Gaga concert.
Tom could have paid for Mary's ticket if he'd known she didn't have enough money.
I won't be able to come tomorrow. I hope you will be able to make it without me.
Winning the election was a great victory for the candidate's political party.
"Tom wasn't the most popular kid in the school, but he had a couple of friends."
"Tom and Mary broke up, so they won't be going to the dance together on Friday."
I'm beginning to doubt whether Tom can really understand French all that well.
"Tom and Mary have decided to help John paint his house. ""That's nice to hear."""
Do you think your parents spent enough time with you when you were in your teens?
"I wanted to discuss this with you yesterday, but you didn't seem to want to listen."
Experts say coffee prices are rising mainly because people are willing to pay more.
Tom wondered if he should pretend to appreciate the dinner Mary made for him.
My father believed that anyone who could not make a living in Japan was lazy.
You could try the store across the street. They may have what you're looking for.
"If you want to know which direction the wind is blowing, just look at the windsock."
Today we have more than three times as many vehicles as on the roads in 1950.
The reason Tom is fat is because he eats too much and doesn't get enough exercise.
"Tom and Mary have been divorced for over three years. ""Really? I had no idea."""
"I have to get up early tomorrow morning, so I plan to go to bed early tonight."
"Tom doesn't know when it'll happen, but he's pretty sure that it will happen."
Those birds build their nests in the summer and fly to the south in the winter.
I bought a scarf for my grandfather on my father's side for his 88th birthday.
"The party went till midnight, and there was a lot of cleaning up to do afterwards."
It is better to be a coward for five minutes than dead for the rest of your life.
"How many times a week do you play tennis? ""I play tennis three times a week."""
"Cucumbers, spinach, broccoli and onions are considered non-starchy vegetables."
A family should not spend all of its money to keep someone alive on a machine.
Would you please stop pacing around like that and just sit down for a second?
Pollution kills more people around the world every year than war and violence.
Do you want a second opinion? I can get another doctor to come here right away.
Tom knew it was going to be tough to convince Mary that she was too old to drive.
Tom and Mary were sitting on the sofa as far away from each other as possible.
Tom entered the empty room and immediately noticed a lit cigarette in the ashtray.
There is a really good restaurant just off the beach that I think you'd enjoy.
Tom could have paid for Mary's ticket if he'd known she didn't have enough money.
Tom was already drinking his third beer before Mary had even finished her first.
Exclamation marks are used much more frequently in German than they are in English.
Do you really want me to tell Tom that you were the one who killed his father?
This book is written in such easy English that even beginners can understand it.
"If you stop and relax, this will relieve the tension and stress in your shoulders."
I think the first thing you might want to do is put some gasoline in your car.
"I checked and rechecked, so I don't think there are any mistakes on that report."
Tom always sets two alarm clocks when he's catching the early morning flight.
Tom's car is easily recognizable since there is a big dent in the front bumper.
Tom's trip turned into a nightmare when his passport and credit cards were stolen.
Tom emptied the water out of the bottle before he refilled it with fresh water.
Tom asked Mary to tell him about the house she had lived in when she was a child.
I can't remember the name of the girl who sat next to me in French class last year.
Culture is what remains after one has forgotten all the things one has learned.
"If you went jogging two or three times a week, you could probably lose some weight."
"Tom had a lot on his mind, so he wasn't paying enough attention to his driving."
"The politician had sticky fingers, and 5% of every contract ended in his pocket."
Tom began to look into the problem as soon as Mary brought it to his attention.
"To the man who only has a hammer in the toolkit, every problem looks like a nail."
I remember when we used to never eat vegetables that we didn't grow ourselves.
"As a rule of thumb, you should plan on one pound of beef for every two guests."
"The police thought the victim was Tom, but they were unable to identify the body."
Tom clicked on the thumbnail so he could see a larger version of the same image.
"By postponing what you have to do, you run the risk of never being able to do it."
The policeman said that it looked like a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head.
Tom has changed so much that I don't think you'd recognize him if you saw him.
"You may not agree with him, but at least he stands up for what he believes in."
My parents don't like my girlfriend. They think that she's not good enough for me.
"Due to the lack of students, the school will be closed at the end of the year."
Tom's Bible reading group petered out after a few months through lack of interest.
It is said that Japanese people don't celebrate Christmas the way Americans do.
Would you mind making an extra cup of coffee whenever you decide to have some?
Tom's courage in dealing with adversity is an inspiration to those around him.
Visitors have limited access to the museum while restoration work is ongoing.
"We don't have a lot of money, but we have enough to buy what we absolutely need."
"He got up quickly, splashed cold water on his face, brushed his teeth, and shaved."
"When rain's fallen and the soil is moist, it becomes easier to pull out weeds."
Tom said that he wished he hadn't told Mary to try to convince John to do that.
"I wanted to discuss this with you yesterday, but you didn't seem to want to listen."
We still have some farm equipment that hasn't been used since my grandfather died.
"Even though Tom didn't want to, he was too polite not to invite Mary to his party."
Tom used to have a penpal in Australia that he wrote to several times a month.
Remember to check to make sure the gas has been turned off before you go out.
I'd like to ask you some questions about some of the people who work for you.
Albert Einstein's theory of relativity is the most famous formula in the world.
"The author is seventy, but he's no less productive than he was twenty years ago."
Tom said that he didn't know that Mary wasn't able to speak French very well.
I've already told Tom that I plan on staying in Boston for another three weeks.
I don't want to be the one who tells Tom that Mary died in an automobile accident.
"Tom asked Mary many times to let him go home early, but she wouldn't let him."
Tom hasn't yet heard anything definite about whether he got into Harvard or not.
Tom walked out of the restaurant just in time to see his car being towed away.
"Taking no notice of the people around them, the boys talked loudly to each other."
How much time and energy do you spend on projects that don't make you any money?
A connection between personality and blood type has not been scientifically proven.
Tom called the students back into the room to tell them about the plane crash.
Publication of the article was timed to coincide with the professor's birthday.
"If my father had not been killed in the war, he would be over sixty years old now."
I still think it's unlikely that we'll find any evidence to prove Tom's guilt.
Tom suffers from post-traumatic stress disorder and is plagued by nightmares.
The train was derailed and about thirty passengers were either killed or injured.
"Tom wanted me to tell you that no matter what happens, he'll always love you."
I remember when we used to never eat vegetables that we didn't grow ourselves.
She was always trying to provoke me into saying something I would regret later.
The part of an iceberg under the water is much larger than that above the water.
"When push comes to shove, a family will close ranks to protect one of their own."
"In the U.S., it is common for people to write a check instead of paying cash."
"He says that he saw nothing. However, I don't believe what he says is the truth."
"In my opinion, a well-designed website shouldn't require horizontal scrolling."
You could've saved me a trip if you'd just told me I didn't need to be here today.
I've had a scratchy throat since this morning. I wonder if I've caught a cold.
It's practically impossible not to use baby talk when talking to a young child.
Tom didn't want to waste any more time calculating how much time had been wasted.
Do you really want me to tell Tom that you were the one who killed his father?
"Both Tom and Mary have Boston addresses, even though they don't live there now."
I wish I could figure out how to finish this project without asking for help.
All Tom wanted was to find a woman who would accept all the love he could give.
"The first time Tom brought Mary home, his mother said, ""This one's a keeper."""
"The burglar gained entry through the front door, which had been left unlocked."
Tom got out in front of the library and waited while Mary went to park the car.
I'm beginning to understand why you don't bother to try to explain things to Tom.
The leader of our party met with the other leaders and talked about the problem.
I still have a lot of questions I want to ask you about your relationship with Tom.
Tom usually plays a drum solo at least once every time his band gives a concert.
Tom decided that it wouldn't be sensible to try to cross the old rope bridge.
I've had a slight sore throat since this morning. I wonder if I've caught a cold.
She was asked to convince him to get his son or someone else to paint the house.
Tom bought a new camera for Mary to replace the one he had borrowed and lost.
"I think Tom understands that if he wants my help, all he needs to do is ask for it."
"Judging from the way the sky's looking, we might be having a downpour any minute."
Tom wanted to get in a little target practice before he went into the office.
"I wouldn't say we've achieved our goal yet, but we're within striking distance."
Tom and Mary are planning to have a house built after they have their first child.
Tom sat on the porch having a coffee and a cigarette and watched the world go by.
"I was too short to reach the top shelf, so I asked Tom to get the book for me."
Tom spent all afternoon at the airport watching the airplanes land and take off.
"Because her parents got divorced, the girl had hardly any contact with her father."
"I wanted Tom to take some aspirin, but he said he didn't think it would help."
"Right now, I'm more worried what may happen to you than what may happen to me."
There is an urgent need for a more effective method of treating this disease.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom what Mary said that she's going to do.
"If you want to know which direction the wind is blowing, just look at the windsock."
Tom was distracted and fidgety and Mary knew there was something bothering him.
I see you have your guitar with you. Are you planning on playing something for us?
"Tom thinks that he's Mary's boyfriend, but Mary thinks that he's just a friend."
Everyone in the room burst out laughing when they saw Tom slip on the banana peel.
"Even though I gave Tom detailed instructions, he wasn't able to do it correctly."
My band will perform this week at Chuck's Bar and Grill. Please come and see us.
Tom's teacher called to say that Tom has been bullying a couple of kids at school.
"If you listen to English programs on the radio, you can learn English for nothing."
"What you've written isn't actually wrong, but it leaves out some important facts."
I'll get in touch with Tom by telephone tomorrow and ask him to give us a hand.
"His dress is that of gentleman, but his speech and behavior are those of a clown."
Keep your eyes on Tom. Make sure he doesn't do anything to bother other people.
Do you spend most of your time worrying about things that don't matter so much?
I bought a scarf for my grandfather on my father's side for his 88th birthday.
The school that Tom goes to is by far the best one in this part of the country.
"Until Manet painted this picture, his female nudes were limited to goddesses."
Tom couldn't completely rule out the possibility that Mary had killed herself.
Sunblock contains chemicals that can reflect or absorb the ultraviolet light.
Statistics suggest that the population of this town will double in five years.
"Even though Tom has had way too much to drink already, he's ordering another drink."
I'm sorry that I haven't been able to be here for you like I should have been.
I believe the only way to protect my own rights is to protect the rights of others.
Scientists will come up with new methods of increasing the world's food supply.
"This book is written in simple English, so it should be easy for you to read."
"I remember it as if it were yesterday, but in reality it was fifteen years ago."
"In spite of his tight schedule, Tom always has time to spend with his children."
Sometimes you don't have to speak the same language to understand each other.
Women pay more than men for comparable personal care products 56% of the time.
The Sakurajima Volcano in Japan is one of the most active volcanoes in the world.
"Of all the things Tom did last weekend, he says that windsurfing was the most fun."
"Even though I disagree with what you say, I fully acknowledge your right to say it."
"She sold all of her furniture, so she could afford to feed herself and her dog."
We got this chair for nothing because the lady next door didn't want it anymore.
You should make the most of this rare opportunity to demonstrate your talent.
Tom noticed Mary's bracelet on her desk and wondered why she wasn't wearing it.
Tom feels a little better after taking the medicine that the doctor prescribed.
Man needs two years to learn to talk and sixty years to learn how to shut up.
"Some people speak from experience, and some people, from experience, don't speak."
I'd like to go through just one day without being told I look like my brother.
"In order to get a better look at that picture, I'd like to get a little closer."
"I'd like to buy the car you're selling, but I don't have enough money right now."
"Tom liked Mary for years, but at some point, his feelings for her changed to love."
"Tom took thousands of pictures during his vacation, but then never looked at them."
"When all was said and done, the world was not destroyed on December 21, 2012."
Tom and his children spent all afternoon looking for the perfect Christmas tree.
I have trouble seeing the blackboard from the seat the teacher assigned to me.
Manholes are round because that way they won't accidentally fall through the hole.
"Perhaps you could help us tomorrow. However, if you don't want to, that's OK, too."
Tom believes that Mary made a big mistake when she sold her father's Stradivarius.
Tom didn't seem surprised when he heard that Mary and John had gotten married.
Would you please stop pacing around like that and just sit down for a second?
All I can think about is next month's vacation. I haven't been on one in so long.
Tom told me that he could live off his savings for a while if he lost his job.
Tom wondered why Mary had written his name on the back cover of her notebook.
"As soon as I can get a decent video camera, I'll start making videos to put online."
I met an old man who says that he's never eaten at a restaurant in his whole life.
Autumn is just around the corner. It's about time the weather started cooling off.
"Tom started studying French when he was a kid, so his pronunciation is very good."
Tom apologized to the families of the victims for the explosion at the factory.
My favorite part of the movie is when the monkey throws the bone into the air.
"No matter how many people tell Tom he made a mistake, he still insists he's right."
I don't think Tom is the only one who doesn't have enough money to buy a ticket.
Tom made a promise to himself that he would never make the same mistake again.
"I was looking at a dog. However, when I looked again, it had turned into a cat."
Tom soon discovered that he could speak French better than his French teacher.
I want to be able to walk down this street without worrying about getting shot.
I'd like to ask you some questions about some of the people who work for you.
The man I thought was the criminal didn't have any connection to the incident.
Tom and Mary went to a fancy restaurant to celebrate their wedding anniversary.
Tom didn't want to wear the shirt that his mother had gotten him for Christmas.
You should spend less time complaining and more time doing something productive.
"I googled ""knife and fork"" and ""fork and knife"" to see which got more results."
You can save yourself a lot of trouble by just doing it right the first time.
You need to stop complaining all the time about things that can't be changed.
Tom nearly had a heart attack when he saw Mary standing on the edge of the roof.
"Even though Tom has never even tried eating one, he says he doesn't like kiwifruit."
Tom decided that it wasn't necessary to deal with that problem this afternoon.
We found one large footprint and a couple of different size smaller footprints.
"Tom wanted to ask Mary how old she was, but he thought that maybe he shouldn't."
Tom didn't want to encourage Mary to do anything that might get her in trouble.
"He was way behind on his rent. As a result, he was evicted from his apartment."
Oceans are expected to rise by 50 centimeters by the end of the next century.
You could try the store across the street. They may have what you're looking for.
"She's popular, not because she's beautiful, but because she's kind to everyone."
I have a bottle of very good wine that I've been saving for a special occasion.
"Tom thinks that vaping is safer than smoking cigarettes, but Mary isn't so sure."
"Tom never admits that he's wrong, because he thinks that's a sign of weakness."
Tom couldn't think of Mary without remembering how painful their breakup had been.
I am sorry to write such a long letter. I didn't have time to write a short one.
You have the right to talk to a lawyer for advice before we ask you any questions.
"If you'd stop telling me not to be nervous, I probably wouldn't be so nervous."
"Tom hurt his left knee during practice, so John had to play the game in his place."
"I don't want to have to hurt you, but if you get in my way, I'll have no choice."
They had decided to put the wedding off until her brother came home from abroad.
The bicycle is the most elegant and efficient means of transport ever invented.
"We don't have a lot of money, but we have enough to buy what we absolutely need."
Tom has changed so much that I don't think you'd recognize him if you saw him.
"When Tom opened the door, he saw Mary standing there with a six-pack and a pizza."
That girl is so beautiful that she attracts even the most self-possessed men.
"Tom's father comes home once in a while, but he never sticks around for long."
I could tell by the look on his face that he had come on very important business.
She got the money from him even though he said that he wouldn't give it to her.
"If it looks like an apple and it tastes like an apple, it's probably an apple."
I think I can speak French well enough to say pretty much anything I want to say.
"When my uncle left for America, many people came to see him off at the airport."
"Due to the lack of students, the school will be closed at the end of the year."
The movie rights to a successful novel is easy money for the writer of the novel.
Tom seemed quite surprised when he heard that Mary and John had gotten married.
Mother Teresa used the prize money for her work in India and around the world.
Tom wanted to give Mary a chance to explain why she hadn't yet done the work.
The Royal Shakespeare Company is presenting The Merchant of Venice next week.
"It's been raining heavily since this morning, so I don't want to go anywhere."
